[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome or welcome back
to my channel and for today's video
i am going to do a makeup review as you
can see from the title
i am going to review the vice cosmetics
flawless concealer
so if you are interested in knowing my
thoughts and my opinions
about these products then keep on
watching before we get started with the
swatches
i'm going to show you pr package novice
cosmetics for the flawless concealer
so inspirational as you can see it looks
like a phone and the inspiration
is dating apps
yeah swipe right for flowless to find
the perfect match
the learn so society nato
marion
skin light skin medium skin deep skin
and they also sent me
your microfiber sponge lasso concealer
is a creamy matte liquid concealer
so um claims no product is that it is
creamy flexible and weightless so a
collection of liquid concealers that
help perfect and even out skin
its lightweight silky texture glides
onto the skin smoothly and blends out
seamlessly
for an effortless natural finish that
lasts all day
so it has a slanted toe foot applicator
in my shade is
putting a mess and mama just watched
them
[Music]
first shade that we have here is this
eye this side is a neutral beige
shade for fair skin so this is what this
eye looks like
and then the next one is chessa which is
a golden beige shade
for fairy skin so this is the second
fair shade then we have here
my shade which is potinames a warm
neutral shade for light skin
then we have guinessa a honeybee
shade for light skin
[Music]
yeah then the next shade would be
shade device which is a honey
beige shade for medium skin
[Music]
and then we have here marina a golden
beige shade
for medium skin
[Music]
there the second to the last shade which
is
soapy knife a golden tan shade
golden tan shade for deep skin
satisfying thing no shade range
which i love and the last one would be
flawlessa which is a bronze stand
shade for deep skin
so for reference i am patina mess and
usually
fair to medium skin or concealer shade
brands like the fit me concealer i
am 20 and 25 25 for spot concealing and
20 naman
for um brightening and for again para
mara amigo
[Music]
so let's head on to the application
the bare face you skinco i don't have
anything on my face i'm using the shade
patina mess
and on the other side i'm going to apply
foundation tapas chat i'm a
concealer i use a dry sponge
and nicosia dinner damp or we know wet
prep on skin but if you guys haven't
macrophages
dry skin and this is not the first time
that i use this because
shampoo must might be bigger when i'm
and as you can see this is the
first layer this is what it looks like
this is the side with a concealer it's
only your palonion and this is the side
without the concealer again
under eye circles in darkness
there you go the reason why i use dry
application because
the marketing theme or um
this is also a self-setting concealer
which is why
[Music]
damp you sponge or damping sponge
wet you know your reason i haven't
mentioned
[Music]
so the product has three skin loving
ingredients
and these are sodium hyaluronate and
sodium hyaluronate aids in promoting
skin hydration
by attracting water onto the skin so
skin may look healthy and plump
the second skin loving ingredient lemon
is argan oil
known to be a rich fatty acid like
oleic acid acid
which are to support dry skin from aging
and helps support skin moisture
so you know skin loving ingredient
na na papa um
help denser concealer now hindi making
hindi mugin dry all throughout the day
the last one would be vitamin e
known for its antioxidant and
anti-inflammatory properties
the latter part on video network i am
going to post
my wear test since naguera test before
a film video i'm just applying my
foundation
a lot of people may ask and
dff which is the duo finish foundation
and if you're going to choose a shade
as a concealer choose the shade nanaka
the onsa duo finish foundation
perfectly perfect color but a
brightening concealer
like from highlight detail then go a
lighter shade
like one shade lighter your chemical
reaction on skin you on the face know
like
is it oxidizing you my products are
going to give it want to go oxidized but
face more than consider that then when
choosing the shade
flawless concealer by the way i want to
say that this is not a sponsored video
and
aryan to make this video and just on my
own to be a new master asabiko because
even though naman they sent me this and
babayan to create this video i am going
to be
honest
[Music]
there are some products that will work
for me that will not work for you
and vice versa anyway this is the first
layer of the concealer
with a foundation then
but i'm going to apply a second layer
[Music]
it tends to get patchy
a second layer with a bare face dantono
patina mess and i'm going to apply
to them you can
still see your blemishes collecting if
you pick through pyramid
acne marks i'm going to top it off
with a dual finish foundation as you can
see
muscular young side network like fuller
coverage
[Music]
full coverage
full coverage it's just buildable but
hang on medium long shots especially if
you're like me and active bronchi and
you have blemishes and acne marks
it's not gonna conceal that
sobran
it's not like that it's just buildable
so
shear to build needle shear um light
to medium pero buildable pusha and i'm
going to do the rest of my makeup and i
will be back with
my final thoughts about it and if i will
going to recommend this product for you
guys okay now that i am done with my
makeup let's now proceed to my final
verdict about the concealer
and i'm also going to share with you the
pros and cons
nanaki tahoe
okay let's start off with the price this
is for
245 for 6.8 ml
and then the first pro i'm going to
start with the diesel pro of course
it has good shade range i know now there
are a lot of people who
still um
um international brands they have 50
shades of concealers 50 shades of
foundations whatever but
it's a local brand if you're into
makeup and sing now when it comes to
base makeup especially the concealer and
foundation
vice cosmetics now they released eight
shades not perfect then
to match dunsa powder in lana telegram
cult favorite
second is affordable considering na 6.8
ml and you know i'm not gonna
2023 i think you know
easy to find the shade how much
powder foundation shade mo if you want
young from spot conceal and thailand
but eye you need to consider then if
other pathetic
preferences oxidize your face but then
go a shade lighter
and of course if you're also i mean your
purpose now concealer moisture really to
brighten up your
um under eyes then go with shade lighter
well animal makes a sabbath
but a lot of people are um saying this
oxidized now and i also tried it's a
hands going to go oxidizer and the
reason why it oxidizes
is because of the self-setting
ingredients
cosmetics
and when you try products
watch party
okay let's now move on to the cons the
first con that i found out
is that it tends to oxidize
[Music]
it's just light to medium coverage
though
it's buildable but hindi put a lager
full and the i mentioned that a while
ago
if you're the kind of person who likes
your mouthful or coverage especially if
you're like me
na you may
[Music]
this is not a concealer for you light to
medium coverage though it is buildable
burial medium lumpur turkish as you can
see you can still
see you know initially
infallible concealer you you don't full
wear concealer
full coverage
now for a full coverage concealer indeed
[Music]
if you're into natural look long then
this is a perfect concealer for you and
sovereign suite pusha
since it's only for 245 um appreciate
imo local brands
inclusive products and i also found out
nikopadona in some funny serrano
they have super dark deep shade
which i was
when it comes to makeup so that is all
for this video please like and subscribe
to my channel if you want to see more of
me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below i'll see you in my
next one
bye for just an update i
applied two layers of the concealer
and the last time i applied was at
around 2 p.m so it's been
6 hours 6 hours
and as you can see wow
will appear increasing or anything
like 12
[Music]